feat: added new grpc sync config option to allow setting max receive message size. (#1358)
open-feature/flagd: docs/reference/sync-configuration.md

| providerID  | optional `string`  | Value binds to grpc connection's providerID field. gRPC server implementations may use this to identify connecting flagd instance                                                                                |
| selector    | optional `string`  | Value binds to grpc connection's selector field. gRPC server implementations may use this to filter flag configurations                                                                                          |
| certPath    | optional `string`  | Used for grpcs sync when TLS certificate is needed. If not provided, system certificates will be used for TLS connection                                                                                         |

> | maxMsgSize  | optional `int`     | Used for grpcs sync to set max receive message size (in bytes) e.g. 5242880 for 5MB. If not provided, used the deafult [4MB](https://pkg.go.dev/google.golang.org#grpc#MaxCallRecvMsgSize)                       |

Author: QQ: should we make the input more user friendly e.g.  5 for 5mb or static enum

Reviewer: `MaxCallRecvMsgSize` accepts an int mapping to bytes, so we should keep that format. So users can use a simple calculation `5 * 1024* 1024` to derive their value.

> | maxMsgSize  | optional `int`     | Used for grpcs sync to set max receive message size (in bytes) e.g. 5242880 for 5MB. If not provided, used the deafult [4MB](https://pkg.go.dev/google.golang.org#grpc#MaxCallRecvMsgSize)                       |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| maxMsgSize  | optional `int`     | Used for gRPC sync to set max receive message size (in bytes) e.g. 5242880 for 5MB. If not provided, the default is [4MB](https://pkg.go.dev/google.golang.org#grpc#MaxCallRecvMsgSize)                       |
```
